PR/issue テンプレートの修正 (#9)
ut-issl/repository-template: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> ## Issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Related issues
```

> - Please mention related issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Mention any issues that this pull request is related (e.g., #1). Consider using the `development` field if you want to close the issue automatically when this pull request is merged._
```

> ## Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description
```

> - Please write details of the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Provide a detailed description of this pull request._
```

> ## Test Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test results
```

> - Please write test results with a link to the detailed results log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Provide the test results and a link to the detailed results log._
```

> ## Scope of influence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Impact
```

> - e.g., `The behavior of a ** feature changes.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Describe the scope of influence of the changes, e.g., `The behavior of feature ** changes.`_
```

> ## Supplements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supplementary information
```

> - Please write supplements if you need them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Provide any supplementary information._
```

## Notes

> - Please tie the related project if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Link the issue to any related projects if applicable._
```

> - Please set `Assignees`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Assign the appropriate member(s) to this pull request as `Assignees`._
```

> - Please set `Reviewers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Select `Reviewers` for this pull request._
```

> - Please set a `priority` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Apply the `priority` label._
```
